	

	Berkeley Software Distribution Agreement

Software: main.cpp library 

This License Agreement is entered into by The Regents of the University
of California, Department of Energy contract-operators of the Lawrence
Berkeley National Laboratory, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA 94720
(“Berkeley Lab”), and the entity listed below (“you” or
"Licensee") having its place of business at the address below:

Company/Institution (“Licensee”):  	

Name of responsible Licensee employee:  	

Title or position:  	

Department (if applicable):  	

Address:  	

City / State / Postal Code / Country:  	

Tel:  		Fax:  	

E-Mail:  		

The parties now agree as follows:

1. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

(1) Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

(2) Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

(3) Neither the name of the University of California, Lawrence Berkeley
National Laboratory, U.S. Dept. of Energy nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

2. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

3. You are under no obligation whatsoever to provide any bug fixes,
patches, or upgrades to the features, functionality or performance of
the source code ("Enhancements") to anyone; however, if you choose to
make your Enhancements available either publicly, or directly to
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, without imposing a separate
written license agreement for such Enhancements, then you hereby grant
the following license: a non-exclusive, royalty-free perpetual license
to install, use, modify, prepare derivative works, incorporate into
other computer software, distribute, and sublicense such enhancements or
derivative works thereof, in binary and source code form.

071106

